RUMM-924 Add Data Scrubbing and GDPR docs (#377)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/rum_collection.md

For more details and available options, refer to the code documentation comments in `DDRUMMonitor` class.

## Data scrubbing

> To modify RUM event attributes before it is send to Datadog or to drop particular event entirely, use event mappers API when configuring the SDK:

Reviewer: I would change the grammar slightly for clarity:
```suggestion
To modify the attributes of a RUM event before it is sent to Datadog or to drop an event entirely, use the event mappers API when configuring the SDK:
```

```swift
Datadog.Configuration
    .builderUsing(...)
    .setRUMViewEventMapper { viewEvent in 
        return viewEvent
    }
    .setRUMErrorEventMapper { errorEvent in
        return errorEvent
    }
    .setRUMResourceEventMapper { resourceEvent in
        return resourceEvent
    }
    .setRUMActionEventMapper { actionEvent in
        return actionEvent
    }
    .build()
```

> Each mapper is a Swift closure with a signature of `(T) -> T?`, where `T` is a concrete RUM event type. This allows changing portions of the event before it gets send, for example to redact sensitive information in RUM Resource's `url` you may implement custom `redacted(_:) -> String` function and use it in `RUMResourceEventMapper`:

Reviewer: Again some small English tweaks:
```suggestion
Each mapper is a Swift closure with a signature of `(T) -> T?`, where `T` is a concrete RUM event type. This allows changing portions of the event before it gets sent, for example to redact sensitive information in RUM Resource's `url` you may implement a custom `redacted(_:) -> String` function and use it in `RUMResourceEventMapper`:
```

> Each mapper is a Swift closure with a signature of `(T) -> T?`, where `T` is a concrete RUM event type. This allows changing portions of the event before it gets sent. For example to redact sensitive information in RUM Resource's `url` you may implement a custom `redacted(_:) -> String` function and use it in `RUMResourceEventMapper`:

Reviewer: After RUMM-1077 and #415, we need to update that part to note that `RUMViewEventMapper` must return a non-optional `T` and `RUMViewEvent` can't be dropped (they will all be sent to Datadog).

Author: Done 👍. I also included a note on the `view.name` mutability coming in #418.

```swift
.setRUMResourceEventMapper { resourceEvent in
    var resourceEvent = resourceEvent
    resourceEvent.resource.url = redacted(resourceEvent.resource.url)
    return resourceEvent
}
```

> Returning `nil` from the mapper will drop the event entirely (it won't be send to Datadog).

Reviewer: Ditto, replace `send` with `sent`.

Author: ```suggestion
Returning `nil` from the mapper will drop the event entirely (it won't be sent to Datadog).
```

> Only some properties on each event can be mutated:

Reviewer: I would tweak the wording a little bit:
```suggestion
Depending on a given event's type, only some specific properties can be mutated:
```
